Mention the `kiota-java-extra` repository (#189)
microsoft/kiota-java: README.md

    </dependency>
```

## Extra

> [RedHat](https://www.redhat.com/) is maintaining extra utilities for Java projects based on Kiota:
> 
> https://github.com/redhat-developer/kiota-java-extra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Third party tools and extensions is maintaining:

- [Extra utilities for Java projects based](https://github.com/redhat-developer/kiota-java-extra) by [RedHat](https://www.redhat.com/). Kiota Maven plugin to ease the usage of the Kiota CLI from Maven projects.
```

Author: works for me 👍  thanks!
